talking portraiture be products auto
editing each template educational videos
for shooting smarter not harder at the
photo channel that Pro is using legacy
glass on a mirrorless camera a great
option well not really a lot of
photographers think that they've got
their DSLR kid and as they want to move
into the future and add a mirrorless
camera they're thinking I want to take a
look at a mirrorless camera that will
allow them to take advantage of their
current legacy glass well I'm more of an
icon shooter than a cannon shooter and
we still do have plenty of Nikon pro
lenses well when you use a big DSLR lens
like a 70 to 200 f28 lens on a small
camera you're running to a couple of
problems and of course the easiest one
is you're going to have to deal with the
awkward size right a big lens on a small
camera means it's going to be out of
balance you're going to be holding on to
the lens and then just touching the
camera instead of hanging on to the
whole unit is one all right you can get
over that the next problem is you're
going to need some sort of an adapter
and trust me all adapters are trouble
some less trouble than others but pretty
much all our trouble if you're going to
have to take your big beautiful lens
snap on an adapter and then put that
onto your mirrorless camera you're going
to find out that it's a little
troublesome because you're going to need
more than one adapter in order to make
it all work and there is communication
lost in those adapters right the image
stabilization for instance just isn't
going to work the same and it does kind
of pigeonhole you into which cameras
will fit with your lenses so the last
thing you got to consider is remember
mirrorless cameras are smaller and
mirrorless cameras have a smaller
battery than a DSLR DSLR glass is big it
has more mass it takes more energy to
autofocus that lens lenses inside your
big old legacy lens that extra battery
consumption takes its toll on your
mirrorless camera system and really cuts
your runtime down to a very small amount
so here's the idea I know it's kind of
hard to think you got all this money
invested in your DSLR stuff but the
bottom line is once you start realizing
that these smaller
mirrorless cameras will make the vast
majority of people watching this life a
lot easier and once you get over that
whole you know sensor size thing
whatever that's all about you'll realize
that a mirrorless camera is going to
help you make money faster and easier
and you'll be able to sell your DSLR
glass and buy new glass for your
mirrorless system so if you're thinking
that now is the time for you to look
into mirrorless equipment I'm with you
but give some thought to selling your
DSLR glass while it's still worth a lot
of money then picking up the right
lenses for the job here's one more point
you know I remember when yet when you
started buying DSLR lenses if you're a
younger person and you're kind of on a
tight budget and you bought a cheapy
lens because you thought it was going to
be just fine and then you realize it's
really not fine because it's not super
sharp or doesn't auto focus real well or
I didn't hold up or somebody you didn't
like right on then when you either rent
it or borrowed or bought a really good
lens and you replace that crappy lens
with a good lens how much better it was
and you wish you wouldn't away with so
much time and money earlier in buying
the cheapy lens well same thing when we
go into mirrorless it always pays to buy
good lenses so give some thought to the
lenses that you really need and maybe
look at the lens selection first and
then fit the right camera to the lenses
that will give you the best pictures
possible just a couple of tips from a
guy that's screwed up way more times
than you could think you've ever screwed
up I've done it all yep thanks by
talking portraiture be products auto
editing each template educational videos
for shooting smarter not harder at the
photo channel dot pro